[Music]
okay guys it is here a New York City
apartment tour video I have lived in New
York City for over a year and now I
moved apartments recently this is my
second one I documented the entire
process if you want to check out that
video later old apartment towards he
needs someone to take the camera and
help you film so I have just the person
and he's here now yeah I was like Josh
let's flighted you literally slid it I
don't know where I commit this is Josh
she was my broker and you might find him
from clearance because he was in the
video finding an apartment in New York
City make sure the triple mezra
sponsoring this video because not only
did they help me find my dream apartment
they're also hopefully bring some very
cool New York City videos to your guys's
faces just like this one New York City
apartment or positive implement with you
lovely Joshua because guess what you
wait just a broker for pu.1 two three
days I'm trying to evoke apartment we
follow up your my broker for life so
you're stuck with me you're stuck with
me
well it's probably worth it you're stuck
Josh you're very knowledgeable of New
York City you wear many hats being a
broker the one thing that we're going to
work on today
yes that's what I'm talking about
exercise with it okay so let's start in
the front oh my
[Music]
welcome to my crib aka here's to the
apartment I live in Midtown and
everything that I talk about today is
either from Urban Outfitters IKEA or
Container Store there will be one link
in description down below with a more
important link but you should pay
attention to the Triple Net link because
if you're looking to moose in York City
they got your back the one thing about
this apartment is it actually top
storage so I have two closets this is
kind of just like random t-shirts and
things from my jackets and in dirty
clothes and what's good about the dirty
clothes as it's not my bathroom so I
actually put my clothes in the hamper
where they belong this wall one day it's
going to be filled with pictures of
loved ones right now it's like let's
just put some motors come back get to
that is Josh that is that's our grandpa
my grandpa our selfie ever taken my
bathroom is over there we have a shoe
rack because it's just like never wear
your shoes and in your favor such as
wintertime and ever you have snow coming
in first thing check your shoes before
you can check out my crib why is words
of wisdom thank you yeah right over here
is my kitchen a big upgrade for me was
this a dishwasher that's huge but I
don't cook so I don't use that a lot
sure you don't convert in your fridge
yeah so let me show you my fridge shop
about I know that's pretty sad but I I
do pickup and deliveries a lot this is
my second closet this is where most of
my clothes go all of my basics you know
just that basic life I get around the
city on Electric skateboards those up
there are the smaller ones that are more
for fun or short trips I really love
coffee table books for some reason and
they make great decoration and they're
functional I ever need some inspiration
you know right there I'm obsessed with
music so any means of listening to music
I have it so I do have a vinyl and a lot
of Records one of my favorite things to
do is like going to a record shop with
my mom or dad because they know all the
good old DRAM that's like a good bonding
experience I do Jess and me
rment and they're both standing this
they're not electronics but you can
crank the wheel to make them stand my
main desk which I'll show you in a
minute is my main computer desk where I
get everything done and you can have one
extra one for shooting and also when I
have friends or John as over is good to
have a workstation a second--
workstation for someone to sit and to
feel like they can stay here and work
for a little bit
the department is a studio apartment but
what you just saw kind of the little
what would you go alko alko so you just
saw the alko and I know you're wondering
where does the magic happen well it is
all right here right here is this desk
this is where I sit pretty much like 8
to 9 to 10 to 24 hours a day but maybe
setup is just with my MacBook but I plug
it into these two beautiful Apple Cinema
displays because it's just pretty and I
love to have a dual train set up I'm
constantly editing video it's good to
have like that big preview window and
then doing all the crazy stuff here Josh
quick question how many desks do you
have in your car you have zero just
kidding so we have one desk in my
apartment a but it doesn't belong to me
okay question weird ugly I'm about to
give you a tour of the living room but
before that it's like I could do
something under my bed
you've done give high feelings I would
do a really big painting to draw
attention to how high the ceiling is
yeah so this is my living room it's so
big I can dance in it it's a big deal
that I can have a rug my last apartment
was so skinny a rod forget about it in
the section that I spend a lot of my
time eating food and watching the office
everything yes is hot you what do you
think you over there on the Hudson
during fourth of July they switch
between East and West Side and they do
make you fire if it happens my new go-to
is Ho cable we looked it up on Google
really Google is it apparently it's
predominate so this is what I do
almost every single day whether I'm
alone or with my boyfriend or with a
friend almost every single meal I sit
right here on the couch and I swivel the
TV over right now the only show that I
watch is Beyond Good I've actually only
ever seen the office everyone is going
to be bad I've never seen that very much
all right let's do it
[Music]
so one cool thing that I do want to
mention that Sara did is to really use
compartmentalization to kind of create
an aesthetic here in the apartment that
a lot of people have a very hard time
doing when you have a studio apartment
it props you this very awesome studio in
a non-traditional form and you got one
two three four rooms inside a studio
apartment getting a compliment from Josh
is a big deal because you know your
aesthetic this is one of my favorite
things in the apartment my friend
youtuber designer illustrator Timmy can
actually made this chair during a
collaboration when I look back in
Nashville so I feel like it brings a
little Nashville into my New York
apartment at the same time brings to me
an aka flaw into this creative thing I
love green but I also kill plants a lot
I'm gonna trade that one alive
I'm gonna try to keep this one alive
it's looking good so far and then my
third green Ernie is this guy over here
I just left the leaf I loved it I like
holding in here though is you're excited
about your rug and it's funny because
the rug actually is the best way to
create a space visually without having
the wall the reason why I put the bed in
the back of the apartment as well it's
like you don't want people walking
through your bedroom to get into the
living room or something
but here is my TV my little
entertainment system so I actually have
four speakers throughout the apartment
hooked up to this entertainment center
thing my vinyl is closing in here
because my place is so massive I have to
have speakers everywhere in order to
hear my entertainment through my bed and
my final toilet storage places where I
put a lot of my camera equipment so I'll
put it you have out in the open like
this I have all of my backpacks and
things under here and chargers I have
plastic bins for organization and just
just some random stuff
[Music]
these are my three lovely big windows
this would be number one thing that I
was impressed with when I walked into
this apartment for the first time the
natural life Josh thank you so much for
helping me out with my New York City
apartment tour a quick tips and tricks
questionnaire for you since you're kind
of an export export produc for your next
course since you're kind of an expert on
New York City for someone who is looking
to move here what do you think is the
best neighborhood in Manhattan and then
also the best neighborhood in Brooklyn
depending on their budget the thing you
always want to keep in mind with New
York City is accessibility that's the
number one thing you want to think of
whatever you're moving to Manhattan for
the first time I think something
centrally located Midtown East Midtown
West if you're coming here with friends
if you're coming here by yourself they
have everything from studios up to four
bedrooms so you're not limited to what
exactly you can find and again it's just
the access to transportation is the most
key you're setting yourself up for
success because after a year of living
here you're going to know kind of where
you want to be where you like to spend
your time whether you're would be closer
to your work or closer to your friends
or closer to where you go out and that's
the thing you could definitely decide a
year after living here to think about
living in Manhattan and especially on a
level below six as you can see here the
streets of New York a lot but it's kind
of like New York Pandora you never
really know what songs you're going to
hear or what sounds are gonna get but
you just pay for this band or so you
can't skip you've backed up your skip
you have lesson play exactly is good to
know about transportation yeah character
is key
yeah if you're going to move to Brooklyn
I highly recommend areas like East
Williamsburg Bushwick area its Advent a
shoe price it is very close to the train
ride you have a lot of train lines that
go out there in a day everyone's going
to have their own areas they want to
live so our job is to find you a home
that not only are you comfortable living
here in but also that you feel like it
could be a home for you most important
question what is your favorite
one is what I'm feeling my fantasy I go
to the dollar piece employees okay what
is your 50th and nice I think I oughta
just cause it's not two brothers but
maybe like a two brother yes two bros
pizza is actually is that a visa buddy
and it's only $1 life come on that's
cost-effective for a whole eight size
pie that is eight dollars that means you
can put that extra money towards rent
Thank You bread yeah thank you pizza
Thank You Josh thank you so much for
sharing your expertise yeah it's not
lovely to be connected with a triple
mint people like okay there's a nicest
human ever the last thing I want to
touch on is you guys have some special
concierge services that kind of help you
with them no we did one of the coolest
things about trip lament is that we do
have a great concierge program that
after working with us we put you in
touch with them and we have some great
partnerships that we built from
discounts and preferred rates for
mattresses laundry services moving
companies renters insurance all from top
some willing to move out we got to meet
that painting and I know how to do that
for you and you well don't thank you so
much for helping me out and I hope you
guys enjoyed this new york city
apartment torch again check out the
links in the description below just
thank you so much and you're going to
leave a chase again so hopefully you
like them hopefully you do I guess you
don't have a choice and subscribe to
this channel or go to like this video
hit the subscribe button down below for
some more New York City content but I
also do a little bit so there is a wide
variety of things here for you
and Josh I want you to sign this off for
us you know what the sign off is put you
on the spot I do it is okay remember to
stay peachy okay
oh I can't get out I get out of it
[Music]